Products
Destinations
Resources
About us 
English
All Hotels
Home Resort
Seasonal Collection
 Worldwide Selection 
Explore Your World
Search country, city or hotel name
Bengaluru
Mumbai
United States
Erbil
Darjeeling

Split Week is only applicable to the following countries/regions: MENA, RCIS, South Asia (and Turkey).

SEARCH 
Dogan Hotel
 

 Antalya, Turkey View On Map

 Standard Room - Double / Twin  Suitable for 2 adults Check in: 2:00 PM Check out: 12:00 PM

View all
About This Hotel

Our hotel is located in Old Antalya, known by locals as Kaleiçi, offering travellers a broad array of historical and cultural attractions, including the cobble-stoned streets throughout the old city, as well as well-preserved buildings dating back to the Ottomans. There are many fine places to eat in Kaleici and Begonia restaurant is one of the popular dining option. Families also enjoy local parks featuring dolphin and sea lion exhibits, as well as a water slide theme park. Most of our guests, however, cherish the local culture, leisurely strolling by foot or bicycle through the heritage sites, market areas, and finely-appointed cafes and restaurants. For nature lovers, not too far from the city there are several parks featuring waterfalls and mountain trails. The region also offers expansive forests, stone-age relics, ancient ruins, caves and adventure activities for travellers of all ages.

At the hotel, we aim to offer our guests the pinnacle of comfort and service. We feature a garden which includes lush vegetation and cascading water fountain. Guests can enjoy a dining experience while hearing the sounds and smells of nature. We also provide a swimming pool and a children’s pool for our guests with families. And not to forget the region’s main attraction, just a short stroll down the road there is one of Antalya’s most beautiful beach areas. We also offer breakfast our Hotel, and Dogan hotel Kaleici is an ideal place to enjoy your next holiday.

For all this and more, we welcome you to experience Antalya, one of Turkey’s best kept secrets, and hope that you will join us at the Doğan Hotel.

VISIT WEBSITE
Amenities
 Air Conditioning
 Hairdryer
 Safety Deposit Box
 TV
 WiFi
Facilities
 Meeting / Banquet Facilities 
 Restaurant
 Swimming Pool
Chargeable
Resort Location
Dogan Hotel
×
+
−
 Leaflet | © OpenStreetMap contributors

Kılınç arslan Mahallesi, Doğan Hotel, Mermerli Banyo Sok., Kaleiçi / Muratpaşa/Muratpaşa/Antalya, Turkey

Pricing & Fee
Club
Breaks

Usage Fee	USD	200
Club Booking Fee		N/A
Split Week Club Booking Fee		N/A
Guest Certificate Fee	USD	50
Cancellation Fee	USD	50
Additional Information

Child Policy:
1 Child below 6 years old stay Free of Charge, sharing parent bed only.

IMPORTANT NOTICE

Safe Tourism Certificate
BV inspectorate Uluslararasi Gözetim Servisleri A.Ş. issued this certification recommended by the Turkey Tourism Promotion and Development Agency.

View Certificate

 

BOOKING FEE
Starting from USD 118
 FREE FOR CLUB MEMBERS
See full pricing and fee
REQUEST BOOKING 
Products
Vacay
Club
Breaks
Tripsavr
Destinations
Home Resorts
Seasonal Collection
Worldwide Selection
Resources
Webinars
Tools
FAQs
Vacay FAQs
Club FAQs
Breaks FAQs
Tripsavr FAQs
About Us
Our Story
Blog
 
 
Copyright © 2026 QVI. All rights reserved.
Privacy Policy
 
Terms of Use
مرحباً