Products
Destinations
Resources
About us 
English
Last update on Feb 2025
Terms of Use

Q Lifestyle welcomes you (“you”) to its website, myqvi.com, and mobile applications (the “Site”). The terms “Q Lifestyle”, “we” and “us” refer to Q Lifestyle Limited and the term “Q Lifestyle Companies” collectively refers to Q Lifestyle and its relevant affiliates.
References to the Site are deemed to include derivatives thereof, including but not necessarily limited to websites and applications accessed by mobile phone, tablet, or any other device. The Terms of Use – as defined below – apply to our services which are directly or indirectly made available to you through whatever means, including through online reservations, customer service requests and other means. By accessing, browsing, and using the Site and/or by making a reservation through us, you acknowledge having read, understood, and agreed to the Terms of Use.
Our various policies and guidelines which can be found throughout the Site, including but not limited to the Privacy Policy, FAQs, Cookies etc. (collectively the “Policies”), should be read in conjunction with and are an integral part of the Terms of Use and are hereby included by reference.
The terms and conditions set out below and the Policies are collectively referred to as the “Terms of Use”. If you do not agree to the Terms of Use, please cease using the Site immediately. The Terms of Use – as may be amended from time to time – constitute the entire agreement, and supersede any other agreements or understandings (oral or written) between you and the Q Lifestyle Companies with respect to their subject matters unless explicitly stated otherwise.

1. Scope of our Services
2. Use of the Site
3. Prices, Additional Charges, Taxes and Fees, Q Lifestyle exchange rates
4. Privacy
5. Payment - Credit Card - Age - Fraud
6. Booking conditions - Cancellations, No-Shows, Early Departure and Late Check-Out - Specific Accommodation Policies - Special Needs - additional Q Lifestyle services or products
7. Intellectual Property Rights - Trademark Notice
8. Reviews - Further correspondence - Rights to User Content - Other services
9. Travel advisory - Visa requirements
10. Complaints
11. Legal
12. About Q Lifestyle-FAQs
More information or questions?
Products
Vacay
Club
Breaks
Tripsavr
Destinations
Home Resorts
Seasonal Collection
Worldwide Selection
Resources
Webinars
Tools
FAQs
Vacay FAQs
Club FAQs
Breaks FAQs
Tripsavr FAQs
About Us
Our Story
Blog
 
 
Copyright © 2026 QVI. All rights reserved.
Privacy Policy
 
Terms of Use
Hi